A problem 17 which are the following graph represents the current as a function of the resistance current
as a function of the resistance.
Well this kind of smells like Ohm's law.
I mean I remember Ohm's law says V equals to our.
Now you've got to be careful here.
They're not tolerable voltage.
They want current as a function of resistance.
So really what you should do is just isolate current if you divide through by the resistance over there.
All right.
So this is really the function that we want to know what it looks like.
Well this one you should know what the shape looks like as you make the resistance big.
Look what happens is the current needs to get smaller not constant get rid of that on the current certainly
not getting bigger and current certainly not getting bigger.
So you're either left with a choice C or toys D and you should realize that this is a an inverse relationship.
So the correct answer for this one is choice D and that's at all our ears Question 18 now one resistor
has a resistance are one and another resistance has a resistance are two.
The resistors are connected in parallel.
And if our one is way bigger than our two the equivalent resistance of the combination is what.
All right.
So again remember what we are going to have here.
We have a parallel circuit.
We have one there of another resistor here that's it let's call this one one let's call this one are
two.
OK we're really looking for what is the equivalent resistance now between point A and Point B.
If you remember the equation now into one over our equivalent equals to 1 over our one plus one over
our two.
So what happens to both of these terms.
Well if our one here is way bigger than our two.
What happens to this first term one over our one our one is a really really big Imagine 10 million ohms
this term here is going to be almost zero.
So forget about it.
So what are we left with we're left with our equivalent is then approximately equal to the resistance
R2.
And that's what's going to happen right you can imagine even if you kind of split this wire over here
that would produce our one which would be basically infinite.
In that case the total resistance between both of those is simply going to be the resistance are to
the current not going to go where there is this very very large resistance or very little current is
going to go there.
Most of the current is going to flow here.
So for this one here the correct answer is Choice B.